[Music]
ten quick tips to lose weight if you're
a couch potato most of us want to be
slim and fit but all the different diets
we've tried are torturous and their
effect disappears as soon as we go back
to our usual eating habits but don't
fall into deep and dark despair just yet
Brightside has done some research and
found tips that will help you shed those
extra pounds with no effort no diets and
zero exercising what was that the sound
of your jaw hitting the floor that's
right
so without further ado here's a short
guide to getting that perfect figure for
all the lazy ones out there
[Music]
number ten don't forget to drink water
we know you've heard it over and over
again drink more water yes you're well
aware that water is life and you even
make an effort to drink it from time to
time but you've probably never thought
about how truly helpful it can be for
your metabolism just don't forget that
timing is key here the right way to do
it is to drink one to two glasses of
water 30 minutes before every meal
this way your metabolic processes will
have a fresh start
and your stomach will be partially
filled up with water forcing you to eat
less this hydration regimen will also
tame your sweet tooth and prevent you
from constantly raiding the fridge it's
not just a tired old saying seriously
drink more water
number nine pay attention to your food
in today's day and age we're used to
having our meals as fast as possible a
quick breakfast when you're running late
for work a hasty lunch because you have
way too much to do and even a speedy
dinner at times when you're just too
exhausted at the end of the day try to
switch up your approach here make
feeding a small ritual it really won't
take as much of your time as you think
sit down at the table don't rush don't
try to multitask forget about your
problems now watching TV and no playing
around on your phone it's just you and
your food and you need to give it your
undivided attention be mindful of what
you eat and how you do it
recent studies showed that this method
really does influence your food intake
and helps you taste food more clearly
resulting in eating less
[Music]
number eight use a smaller plate and
chopsticks there are a lot of other ways
to trick yourself into consuming less
food for example to avoid thinking too
much about your portion sizes grab a
smaller plate and eat only the amount of
food that it can hold studies have
proven that this technique is rather
effective reducing the plate size leads
to a 30% reduction in the amount of food
consumed just don't start stacking food
vertically to make up for the loss of
space chopsticks are also a great
addition when using chopsticks you eat
more slowly which helps you feel full
with a smaller amount of food if you're
absolutely hopeless at using chopsticks
just use a small spoon for your
non-dominant hand it really does do the
trick it's like magic
[Music]
number seven sweet more
here's some music to your ears sleeping
helps you lose weight - no joke
so congratulations the day has finally
come you now have the perfect excuse to
stay in bed longer since it's a part of
your diet plan if you think about it it
makes total sense
when you're asleep you can't eat right
all jokes aside a good night's sleep has
been proven to have a great impact on
keeping good metabolism and maintaining
the right levels of ghrelin and leptin
your body's hunger hormones on the
contrary
poor sleep disrupts these hormones
resulting in an increased appetite and a
weakening of your body's okay I'm full
now sensation plus you're not exactly
doing nothing while sleeping because
your body is burning between 50 and 100
calories an hour another great reason to
take a nap
[Music]
number six sleep in the cold while we're
on the topic of sleeping there's another
trick you can do to lose even more
weight while you're in dreamland all you
have to do is turn down your thermostat
or open a window how easy is that
[Music]
research from the National Institutes of
Health says that sleeping with a room
temperature of 66 degrees Fahrenheit
helps your body get rid of fat because
it burns calories to maintain its normal
temperature of around 98 degrees
Fahrenheit the number of calories you
burn depends on a variety of factors but
the studies showed that 15 minutes in
the cold is basically equal to one solid
hour of exercising along with your pant
size your heating bill will go down too
I mean this just keeps getting better
and better
[Music]
number five add some fat burners not
that many people realize that you don't
have to give up your usual food while
you're trying to get fit and lose some
extra inches just diversify your menu
with salmon eggs nuts olive oil hot
peppers and green tea why specifically
these products you may ask the answer is
simple their natural metabolism boosters
and fat burners there are tons of
natural appetite suppressants as well
like ginger avocados apples and sweet
potatoes even the senses citrus or
peppermint can reduce your appetite so
the choices here are endless
just pick the products you like and
incorporate them into your daily menu no
pills involved here number four
forget prohibitions for a lot of people
dieting is basically the equivalent of
constant prohibitions know this you
can't have fat it seriously makes you
feel like you're a kid again but the
truth is if you want to eat a cookie
order some chocolate just do it but only
eat one instead of three or five or the
whole pack in one sitting can try to eat
it in the morning so your body will have
enough time to burn all those calories
throughout the day
strict prohibitions aren't good because
they cause stress and as a result a
higher level of bad hormones besides if
you beat yourself up if you break them
and that's the last thing you need plus
science is on your side here a study
from the Netherlands showed that the
scent and taste of dark chocolate
reduces your appetite as it decreases
your ghrelin levels just don't forget
that moderation is important here if
you've just eaten several cupcakes get
ready to do some extra work to stay in
shape
[Music]
number three brush your teeth it may
sound weird and sort of out of the blue
but you're a SAP you're sure that you
already do it at least twice a day right
so this trick shouldn't be too hard for
you just make one little change start
brushing your teeth right after every
meal this will prevent you from going
back for seconds one reason for this is
that food doesn't taste very good when
you have a minty flavor in your mouth
another reason is that we're simply too
lazy to brush our teeth multiple times
after every meal so this habit will not
only make you eat less but also leave
you with perfectly pearly white teeth
[Music]
number two laughs laughing makes
everything better and brighter and as it
turns out it also makes you lose weight
according to a study published in the
International Journal of obesity when we
laugh our energy expenditure increases
by up to 20 percent compared to when
we're resting
besides it really works out your ab
muscles you know that feeling when your
stomach hurts from laughing so much
that's exactly it 15 minutes of laughter
can burn 10 to 40 calories depending on
your weight and how hard you're laughing
so now the real question is what's your
favorite comedy show turn it on and
start exercising number one use hot
compresses if you're a true couch potato
then you enjoy spending most of your
time on the sofa I mean it's not called
being a couch potato for nothing here's
an effective method to help you lose
weight while you're sitting and watching
TV or reading a book as we all know heat
makes you sweat which expels unnecessary
liquid from your body that's why you can
use hot compresses if you want to slim
down certain trouble areas of your body
like the lower abdomen aka the infamous
belly pooch you can do different kinds
of compresses depending on your
preferences amongst the most popular are
salt for ginger compresses for the salt
one you need to roast about half a bowl
of salt in the oven pack it into a thin
towel and put it on your belly
you can also mix three tablespoons of
salt and eat up hot water to create a
paste and gently massage it all over
your belly making the ginger compress is
a little more time-consuming but just as
effective you'll need to grate half a
cup of fresh ginger and add it to a
large pot of boiling water let it sit
for five minutes and then dip a
washcloth into the ginger water be
careful let it cool for a little bit
before placing it on your tummy and
cover the compress with another towel to
hold the heat in to get a stronger
effect and keep her compressed hot for
longer you can blow it with a hairdryer
do you have any lazy hacks for weight
loss on your own let us know in the
comment section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this video with all your friends
subscribe to our channel to see more
informative and fun videos like this and
always stay on the bright side
[Music]